e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Shooting.dll
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Shooting.pdb
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.App.xaml.g.cs
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.Jaktfelt.xaml.g.cs
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.Figurjakt.xaml.g.cs
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.Jegertrap.xaml.g.cs
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.dll
e:\users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.pdb
e:\Users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll
e:\Users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.xml
e:\Users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\obj\Debug\Shooting.dll.mdb
e:\Users\chhol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shooting\Shooting\Shooting\bin\Debug\Shooting.dll.mdb
